# Fiberplate

This a template for building a REST API using Golang and Fiber framework. This template is can use PostgreSQL or MySql as database and GORM as ORM.

## Project Structure

`main.go` is the entry point of the application.

-   ### How to add new route
    To add new route, you need to add new file in `routes/` folder. Then, you need to add the route in `routes/routes.go`. You can see the example in `routes/user.go`.
-   ### Handling Request
    To handle request, you need to add new file in `controllers/` folder. Then, you need to add the controller in `controllers/controllers.go`. You can see the example in `controllers/user.go`.
-   ### Handling Data Processing
    To handle data processing, you need to add new file in `services/` folder. Then, you need to add the service in `services/services.go`. You can see the example in `services/user.go`.
    -   ## Important Things
        To make sure your code is running properly, you need to register your service in `middleware/bootstrap.go`. You can see the example in `middleware/bootstrap.go` and call it in `routes/routes.go` at the function `initService()`.
-   ### Handling Database
    To handle database, you need to add new file in `models/` folder. Then, you need to add the model in `models/models.go`. You can see the example in `models/user.go`.

## Environment Variables

To run this project, you will need to add environment variables to your .env file based on .env.examples

## Running Service

To run the server, you need to run command below. This command will also generate swagger file documentation.

`make run`

## Unit Testing

To make sure the code running properly, you may modify file in test/ folder. To run testing, run the following command. This unit test is using BDD style using Ginkgo and Gomega.

`make test`

## Documentation

To see the documentation generated by swagger, you can use this link

`BaseURL:Port/api/swagger/index.html`
